Update main readme (#3927)
huggingface/datasets: README.md

If you're a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description, citation, etc.), or do not want your dataset to be included in this library, please get in touch through a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/huggingface/datasets/issues/new). Thanks for your contribution to the ML community!

## BibTeX

> If you want to cite our 🤗 Datasets [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.02846) and library, you can use this:

Reviewer: Some rephrasing, but feel free to ignore it:
```suggestion
If you want to cite our 🤗 Datasets library, you can use our [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.02846):
```

    primaryClass={cs.CL},
}
```
```bibtex

> @software{quentin_lhoest_2021_5639822,

Author: I removed this @albertvillanova since researchers can just cite the paper, WDYT ?

Author: I added a link to Zenodo with the list of all the released DOIs sorted by version

Reviewer: Good idea! we should give both options for citation: either the library, or a specific version of our software package.

    primaryClass={cs.CL},
}
```

> You can also cite the library using the Zenodo DOI (one DOI per version of the library), see the full list [here](https://zenodo.org/search?q=conceptrecid:%224817768%22&sort=-version&all_versions=True).

Reviewer: Some rephrasing, mentioning "reproducibility" requirements, but feel free to ignore it as well.
```suggestion
If you need to cite a specific version of our 🤗 Datasets library for reproducibility, you can use the corresponding version Zenodo DOI from this [list](https://zenodo.org/search?q=conceptrecid:%224817768%22&sort=-version&all_versions=True).
```
